README.md, before:

## i3 WM Configuration

A simple and minimal i3 window manager configuration. <br>
Based on <a href="https://github.com/nineteetwo/MagiOS-concepts-i3">my previous ricing.</a> <br>
<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshot from 2026-01-19 02-14-07.png" width="45%">
  <img src="Screenshot from 2026-01-19 10-35-21.png" width="45%">
</div>

### Requirements

- i3
- picom
- polybar
- alacritty
- neofetch
- rofi
- feh

### Installation

#### Ubuntu / Debian-based Distributions

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install i3 feh polybar rofi alacritty picom neofetch
```
#### Arch-based Distributions
```bash
sudo pacman -S i3 polybar feh rofi alacritty picom neofetch
```
### Setup

Copy all configuration files (except the screenshots directory) into your ~/.config directory.
```bash
cp -r * ~/.config
```
Make sure to back up your existing configuration files before copying.

### Usage

- **Mod key:** Super (Windows key)
- **Super + X:** Open rofi
- **Super + Enter:** Open alacritty
- **Super + Shift + Q:** Close the currently focused application
- **Super + Shift + Number:** Move the focused application to the specified workspace
- **Super + Shift + E:** Log out
- **Super + Shift + R:** Restart i3
- **Super + Shift + Arrow Keys:** Move the focused window

❤️ I hope you enjoy using this configuration. ❤️

Commit message:

Update README with display and audio config notes
Added notes about display settings and audio configuration.

README.md, after:

## i3 WM Configuration

A simple and minimal i3 window manager configuration. <br>
Based on <a href="https://github.com/nineteetwo/MagiOS-concepts-i3">my previous ricing.</a> <br>
<div align="center">
  <img src="Screenshot from 2026-01-19 02-14-07.png" width="45%">
  <img src="Screenshot from 2026-01-19 10-35-21.png" width="45%">
</div>

### Requirements

- i3
- picom
- polybar
- alacritty
- neofetch
- rofi
- feh

### Installation

#### Ubuntu / Debian-based Distributions

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install i3 feh polybar rofi alacritty picom neofetch
```
#### Arch-based Distributions
```bash
sudo pacman -S i3 polybar feh rofi alacritty picom neofetch
```
### Setup

Copy all configuration files (except the screenshots directory) into your ~/.config directory.
```bash
cp -r * ~/.config
```
Make sure to back up your existing configuration files before copying.
Make sure to adjust your display settings in the i3 config using xrandr.
This config uses PulseAudio by default. Modify it if you are using PipeWire.
### Usage

- **Mod key:** Super (Windows key)
- **Super + X:** Open rofi
- **Super + Enter:** Open alacritty
- **Super + Shift + Q:** Close the currently focused application
- **Super + Shift + Number:** Move the focused application to the specified workspace
- **Super + Shift + E:** Log out
- **Super + Shift + R:** Restart i3
- **Super + Shift + Arrow Keys:** Move the focused window

❤️ I hope you enjoy using this configuration. ❤️
